Oh, always keep me in your thoughts
If there’s anything, share it with me
Whenever I’m near you
Just look at me, leaving the rest aside
I’ll step onto the threshold of your heart
But you don’t shut the door on me
Like the moon, hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me
Like the waves of the ocean
My life is full of turns and twists
Where this will take me, I don't know
I don't know what it says
Like the high and long mountains
You seem both near and far
Where there is no sign
Even rain falls there
If I don’t see you
My heart finds no peace
Whatever happens, happens for good
The world just says lies
When the birds fly away
They don’t need the home anymore
Don’t you get lost anywhere
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me
Oh, I talk
and you come into my conversation
You should bring your talks
And mix them with mine
You start your day with my photo
& spend the evening with me
Take care of yourself, protect yourself
Give me your sorrows, keep your happiness with you
Do whatever your heart desires
Take care of yourself
& sleep peacefully
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
I can't find peace
Don't part from me
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me
Like the moon hidden behind the clouds
Don't hide yourself from me
Follow my words, without you, my heart feels off
It's not at ease
Don't part from me